Run Tasks in the Terraform Registry (#188)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks.mdx

## Creating a Run Task

> You can access a complete list of all run tasks in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/run-tasks). These run tasks include the [HCP Packer integration]((/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks#hcp-packer-run-task) and run tasks developed by HashiCorp Technology Partners.

Reviewer: The HCP Packer integration is not actually listed in the registry? Does that make this sentence slightly misleading? We could get it added if needed.

Reviewer 2: oh!! I'm so so sorry, I assumed it was! I think we should add it, since it's a legitimate option for users. Thoughts?

Reviewer: is that the only hashicorp created run task or are there others? I don't have access to TFC instance where I can see the currently listed run tasks. I think the answer is likely, yes we can add it.

Reviewer 2: Nice! @gautambaghel do you have thoughts on this? We currently advertise the HCP Packer run task on the integrations page, so that's why I was thinking it might be a good idea to add it to the registry with the others.

Reviewer 3: Yes, omg skipped my brain. we should totally add Packer run tasks on the registry. @appilon -- do you need help from me to do this?

Reviewer: As discussed, just add them to the spreadsheet.

Author: @appilon @gautambaghel Do we know if the HCP Packer run task (or any other HashiCorp run task) has been added to the registry?

> You can access a complete list of all run tasks in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/run-tasks). These run tasks include the [HCP Packer integration]((/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks#hcp-packer-run-task) and run tasks developed by HashiCorp Technology Partners.

Reviewer 2: Wanted to make this active voice (Just saw this in my final review!) ok by you @gautambaghel ?
```suggestion
You can access a complete list of all run tasks in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/run-tasks). These run tasks include the [HCP Packer integration]((/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks#hcp-packer-run-task) and run tasks that our HashiCorp Technology Partners develop and maintain.
```

Reviewer 3: yes, perfectly fine with me.
